Wait, give some to the ancestors
Stop it old lady
Did you put it in?
Sister Jin, Sister Jin, hurry up and leave
Hurry up and go
But I left.
I let you die here!
I'm sure I won't die
Last time it was because you were happy.
This time I'm going to break your hands and feet
I wasn't fit for it
Come with me come you come
Come soon
Come on, come on.
I went over and you ran away, didn't you dare to run?
Your sister-in-law is useless
I crippled him stop
My daughter, sir
What's going on?
Lord Su received a call from Boss Liu
Knowing the danger of Mr. Ye's victimization
We are here to help
But we got there in time.
Mr. Ye, don't worry.
We are the Zhou family guards.
Lord Zhou sent us to protect Mr. Ye
Dare to join the former